OSDOCS-14434: Updated ROSA and ROSA Classic variables (#94984)
openshift/openshift-docs: rosa_release_notes/rosa-release-notes.adoc

[id="rosa-new-changes-and-updates_{context}"]
== New changes and updates
// Experimenting with generated release notes
//[id="rosa-q3-2025_{context}"]
//=== Q3 2025
//

> //* **Updated ROSA product titles**. Before this update, the product names for Red Hat OpenShift on AWS (ROSA) and Red Hat OpenShift on AWS (ROSA) with hosted control planes (ROSA with HCP) in the documentation were inconsistent with the new naming style, potentially causing confusion for end users. This inconsistency resulted in end users encountering different product names in the documentation. With this release, we have updated the product names for "Red Hat OpenShift on AWS (ROSA)" to "Red Hat OpenShift on AWS (classic architecture)" and "ROSA (classic)". "Red Hat OpenShift on AWS (ROSA) with hosted control planes" uses "Red Hat OpenShift on AWS (ROSA)," "Red Hat OpenShift on AWS (ROSA) with hosted control planes," and "ROSA with HCP" to match the new naming style, ensuring consistency in product names for both ROSA (classic) and ROSA with HCP. As a result, end users now see consistent product names across the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//* **Updated ROSA product titles**. Previously, the product names for {rosa-classic} and {rosa-first} in the documentation were inconsistent, potentially causing confusion for users. This release updates the product names as follows:
* "Red Hat OpenShift on AWS (ROSA)" is now "{rosa-classic}" and abbreviated as "{rosa-classic-short}"
* "Red Hat OpenShift on AWS (ROSA) with hosted control planes" is now "{rosa-first}" and abbreviated as {rosa-short}"
```
I'm not sure how to format bullets for release notes, but I think this would read better with bullets than full sentences.
